#### 1. Design
First designs were mocked up using Sketch to specify what will be created ([Design folder](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B8eUsSv3DhS6ZTJLN2VBcXdTWEE&usp=sharing)).

#### 2. Architecture
Architecture document drafted based on existing documentation and example resources ([Architecture document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16jToKFgV-beYQUD_9a2z75bQMieD3t-LypEBiwklbWU/edit?usp=sharing)).

#### 3. Project setup
The project layout was setup with the file structure and empty files added to reflect the architecture.

#### 4. Login functionality added
Login functionality added allowing an admin user to login and redirect them to the homepage. The admin can also log out on the homepage.

#### 5. Integrated ReduxForm and react-meteor-data containers
Login functionality and add project forms both now use ReduxForm for UI state management. react-meteor-data containers were used to give the components access to Meteor.user() data. It is unclear on the best approaches towards integrating both the Meteor account system and Redux - there appears to be a lot of disparity and few examples on a good approach.

#### 6. Add project functionality working and rendering project list
An admin user can now add projects with very basic validation. The list is subscribed to on the homepage and printed out. The next task is to use Redux to manage the state of the lists on the homepage in preparation to use remove project functionality.

#### 7. Removed react-meteor-data containers
By using Tracker from Meteor the react-meteor-data containers could be removed. This made sense as previously Meteor was interacting directly with components through the react-meteor-data containers. By using Tracker and an action creator that is initiated by the store Redux can control the state for both a user and the projects from the start meaning data gets passed to Redux rather than React.

#### 8. Added error handling for login and add project
Changed the structure of the reducers to include redirect and error properties that actions creators would dispatch as appropriate to reducers. This meant that when a form calls the action creator it will dispatch either a success action or an error action. The user state will then be updated according to the new state generated by the reducer. The state of the user still needs to be determined prior to rendering a component, perhaps using React Router onEnter(). One uncertainty is whether the error handling should be done in each reducer as they are or instead use a specific reducer for error handling and redirects?

#### 9. Added remove project functionality
Logged in users can see the remove functionality next to projects. If the user owns the project they can delete it, otherwise an error message is shown.

#### 10. Styled application
Application was styled using Bootstrap and CSS.

#### 11. Updated adding and showing project images
Images are added via a base64 string which is saved in the projects collection and rendered when shown on the homepage. This eventually needs updated to allow for an image upload that automatically resizes and converts to a base64 string to be saved in the database.

#### 12. Added SASS into project
SASS has been added to the project with the colours being swapped for variable names. The integration needs finishing by making more modular files and nesting.