README.md, before:

# GeorgeWebsite

### Installation

1. git clone https://github.com/georgelovegrove/GeorgeWebsite.git - Download the repository
2. npm install - Install the dependencies
3. meteor - Run the project

### Implementation history

#### 1. Design
First designs were mocked up using Sketch to specify what will be created ([Design folder](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B8eUsSv3DhS6ZTJLN2VBcXdTWEE&usp=sharing)).

#### 2. Architecture
Architecture document drafted based on existing documentation and example resources ([Architecture document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16jToKFgV-beYQUD_9a2z75bQMieD3t-LypEBiwklbWU/edit?usp=sharing)).

#### 3. Project setup
The project layout was setup with the file structure and empty files added to reflect the architecture.

#### 4. Login functionality added
Login functionality added allowing an admin user to login and redirect them to the homepage. The admin can also log out on the homepage.

#### 5. Integrated ReduxForm and react-meteor-data containers
Login functionality and add project forms both now use ReduxForm for UI state management. react-meteor-data containers were used to give the components access to Meteor.user() data. It is unclear on the best approaches towards integrating both the Meteor account system and Redux - there appears to be a lot of disparity and few examples on a good approach.

#### 6. Add project functionality working and rendering project list
An admin user can now add projects with very basic validation. The list is subscribed to on the homepage and printed out. The next task is to use Redux to manage the state of the lists on the homepage in preparation to use remove project functionality.

### TODOS

- Add proper validation on the form inputs for both login and add project
- Add a date picker to add project form and eventually add an image uploader instead of a relative URL. 
- Find a way to do correct redirects for when users are logged in / out
- Use a promise using redux thunk approach to redirect user to homepage after successful project creation or login
- Finish error handling for the forms

Commit message:

Added error handling for login and add project - Structure of reducers changed to incorporate error handling and redirects - Redirects occur now after login and add project - Currently still a need to redirect a user before the page is rendered based on user logged in state

README.md, after:

# GeorgeWebsite

### Installation

1. git clone https://github.com/georgelovegrove/GeorgeWebsite.git - Download the repository
2. npm install - Install the dependencies
3. meteor - Run the project

### Implementation history

#### 1. Design
First designs were mocked up using Sketch to specify what will be created ([Design folder](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B8eUsSv3DhS6ZTJLN2VBcXdTWEE&usp=sharing)).

#### 2. Architecture
Architecture document drafted based on existing documentation and example resources ([Architecture document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16jToKFgV-beYQUD_9a2z75bQMieD3t-LypEBiwklbWU/edit?usp=sharing)).

#### 3. Project setup
The project layout was setup with the file structure and empty files added to reflect the architecture.

#### 4. Login functionality added
Login functionality added allowing an admin user to login and redirect them to the homepage. The admin can also log out on the homepage.

#### 5. Integrated ReduxForm and react-meteor-data containers
Login functionality and add project forms both now use ReduxForm for UI state management. react-meteor-data containers were used to give the components access to Meteor.user() data. It is unclear on the best approaches towards integrating both the Meteor account system and Redux - there appears to be a lot of disparity and few examples on a good approach.

#### 6. Add project functionality working and rendering project list
An admin user can now add projects with very basic validation. The list is subscribed to on the homepage and printed out. The next task is to use Redux to manage the state of the lists on the homepage in preparation to use remove project functionality.

### 7. Removed react-meteor-data containers
By using Tracker from Meteor the react-meteor-data containers could be removed. This made sense as previously Meteor was interacting directly with components through the react-meteor-data containers. By using Tracker and an action creator that is initiated by the store Redux can control the state for both a user and the projects from the start meaning data gets passed to Redux rather than React.

### 8. Added error handling for login and add project
Changed the structure of the reducers to include redirect and error properties that actions creators would manipulate. This meant that when a form dispatches an action the action create can dispatch either a success action or an error action. The user state will be updated according to the new state generated by the reducer. The state of the user still needs determining before a component is loaded to redirect them if they are logged in / out to prevent unneccessary rendering. One uncertainty is whether the error handling should be done in each reducer or a specific reducer for error handling and redirects should be made?

### TODOS

- Add proper validation on the form inputs for both login and add project
- Add a date picker to add project form and eventually add an image uploader instead of a relative URL. 
- Find a way to do correct redirects before a page is loader, perhaps using React Router onEnter()
